# git-flow AVH Edition development git hooks

This is a collection of git hooks to be used in conjunction with git-flow AVH 
edition.

It also has some standard git hooks that were originally created by [Sitebase](https://github.com/Sitebase/git-hooks).
I just adjusted their code to make it work for me.

These hooks are used by me for development of git-flow AVH Edition itself
 
## Installation
* Clone the repository
* Create a softlink in your repository .git directory named hooks. If the 
  directory exists, just delete it.
* Copy the file hooks_config.sample to the .git directory, naming it hooks_config.
* Make the needed adjustments to the hooks_config file.

## Requirements
* git-flow AVH edition
* Bash shell script.
* Use the [Semantic Versioning 2.0.0](http://semver.org/) specification.

## Information

* When you start a release you can omit the version number. The filter will grep 
  the version set in the stable info of the master branch and increase the patch level.
* You can't commit on a master branch.
* You can't commit files with merge markers.
* Commit messages shorter than 8 are not allowed.
  
## hooks_config file
There should be no need to make adjustments to the hooks_config file
  
## License
Portions of the code is licensed as The MIT License

Copyright (c) 2013 Wim Mostmans

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the 'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

